---
layout: home
---
## Lecture from Mabel, Colin, Tristan and Anthony
It was nice to see Mabel, Colin, Tristan and Anthony. Especially, I saw Anthony in my workplace called Code Ninjas. I didn't him directly, but there is the picture of guy whose name is Anthony Vo in the wall. In the description, it says he went to Del Norte, so I notice when he came into classroom. Moreover, since I am now in the 12th grade, it is time to think about college. In some ways, this lecture helped me a lot because the problem they had was the problem I am experiencing now. Since I wasn't born in the United States and came from another country, I went to middle school just a year ago. Besides, when I came to America, I was in 11th grade, so it was a bit absurd. I thought I would enter the 9th grade and didn't prepare at all for college, but I was very grateful that they explained it in detail today.
## Reflection
Honestly, when I was writing my college application, I thought a lot about what would happen if I didn't get into a famous university. That's because the country I lived in created a social atmosphere in which people were losers in life if they didn't go to a prestigious or famous university. So, I had a lot of pressure about college, but after listening to Tristan's story and seeing that I could get into a famous company called LG even if I went to a community college, I regained some confidence. Also, I always thought that passion and impact were very important when learning computer engineering. Recently, I also got a rather poor grade in computer science, but I think it was because I lacked passion and influence. Tristan also said that he also received a lot of help from his friend when he was studying computer science. I also took this class and met Finn, which improved my poor English skills a lot and allowed me to work at Code Ninjas through Kush. Mr. Mortensen's words to always consult with group members resonate with me. Also, Tristan used his friend as an example to explain, and that friend played games like Valorant and League of Legends, and he said that he develops a lot of web games, so I felt a bit of a sense of kinship. I also really like playing games, and I created chess games and Tetris as computer science projects, and I also like to create various games using other game engines, such as Unity or Unreal Engine.
